Welcome to zombie survival city!
by Jim Shallcross

This is a game i have coded from the ground up, following the KidsCanCode
playlist for top down games. despite the size of the game and the simplicity,
this took a lot of time and i'm very prideful of this.

For anyone who doesn't have python installed, i am including a copy of python 3.6
install.

To install python 3.6 and it work with the game;

1. Start Python install and start custom install

2. leave the first page fully checked

3. on the second page, leave everything that's checked checked, check
'Add Python to environment variables', and leave the install location, but
keep a copy of it on hand

4. open the command prompt (go to the search bar and type cmd and press enter)

5. to get pygame to work, you must install it, so type into the cmd prompt,
'pip install pygame'

6. there is two other pip installs you have to do, 'pip install pytmx' and
'pip install pytweening'

6a. if you come across an issue pip installing the modules, search 'environment'
in your computer search bar and click on 'edit the system environment variables',
click 'Environment Variables...', look at the bottom section and click on Path.

inside of the Path, click New, and paste the path you got from your python install,
and click New again, paste the path again, but add '\Scripts' to the end.

after doing that, try pip installing, and it should work. to test if they are working,
go to the cmd prompt and tpye in 'python', after your python ide is running in cmd,
type 'import pygame' and if no error is returned, you are good to go!

There is 2 maps in the maps folder, Map.tmx and Prison.tmx, to change the map,
go to line 125 in the Main.py and change the 'name'.tmx to change the map.

To move, you can use the arrow keys or wasd. to shoot, press Space. for the debug
mode, press H. and to turn night mode on (which drops the frames by half), press N.

open the main.py in python idle, run the program, and play!

THANK YOU FOR PLAYING MY GAME AND WILLING TO READ THROUGH THIS WHOLE TXT FILE!!!!
